cluster: groups of clustered tiles. 
    each tile placed is assigned to a list of other similarly colored tiles it is near.
    tile looks to see if east/west, south, and south east/west neighbors are of similar color.
    if similar, new tile joins list of neigbor.
    if similar neighbors are in different groups, one group list gets appended to the other and is deleted.
strings: number of similar tiles in a row.
    every new tile placed looks for how many similar tiles it is in line with in any direction.
    moveChecker returns the counts for each of the directions it checks.
    each count is weighted depending on the count length.
    if the count for any direction is 1, it is ignored.
center control: how many of each tile are in the center.
    points awarded every move based on the column a tile is placed in.
    each column is weighted differently. 
    (center column should be the highest weighted, but thats for the machine learning to figure out)
double trap: a scenario in which two tiles, directly adjacent, could create a connect 4.
    this trap means that, if played correctly, the player who owns the trap can almost never lose.
    player will rush stack towards the double trap unless other player will inevitably win
trap stack: a trap stack is the collection of tiles in the same column as a trap
    each non-empty tile added to a trap stack will award points if it is the color of the trap, and subtract points if otherwise
potential connect 4: a tile that if it were one color could create a connect 4
    keeps track of this tile until it is over written by another tile
    used to check for a double trap
    potential fours award points while they are not over written
    potential connect 4 are worth more points if they are in a lower row
double active potential connect 4: active potential connect 4 are potential connect 4 tiles that can be played next turn
    having more than one active potential connect 4 often guarentees a win
    creating 1 active pot con 4 will not award points, but having two or more will award many points
    2 active pots will award the same points as a greater count. the points do not scale
win condition: checks to see if a move made creates any string of length 4 or greater.
    provides a score ratio of 1.00 to the player meeting the win condition.
    provides a score ratio of 0.00 to the other player.
score ratio: converts each players points to a propertion, between 1 and 0, being a win and loss score respectively.
    adds both players points together, then divides individual totals by combined total.